antora/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc, before:

= About Enterprise Contract

== Overview

The Enterprise Contract is a set of tools for maintaining software supply chain
security, and for the definition and enforcement of policies related to how
container images are built and tested.

Its main purpose is to verify the security and provenance of builds created by
https://red.ht/trusted[Red Hat Trusted Application Pipeline] (RHTAP), a cloud
based build and deployment system based on Tekton, Argo CD and OpenShift,
provided by https://redhat.com[Red Hat].

The RHTAP build process uses https://tekton.dev/docs/chains/[Tekton Chains]
to produce a signed https://in-toto.io/in-toto/[in-toto] attestation of the
build pipeline. Enterprise Contract then uses that signed attestation to
cryptographically verify that the build was not tampered with, and to check the
build against a set of xref:ec-policies:ROOT:index.adoc[policies]. The policies
attest that the build process followed a prescribed set of best practices, plus
organization specific policies as required.

== Components

- *EC CLI* - Command line utility
- *EC Task Definition* - A Tekton Task wrapper for the EC CLI
- *EC Policy CRD* - Defines a Kubernetes CR for EC configuration
- *EC Policies* - A set of policies defined in OPA/Rego

There's an additional overview of Enterprise Contract and its components in the
https://redhat-appstudio.github.io/architecture/architecture/enterprise-contract.html[Book of
AppStudio].

== Code

* https://github.com/enterprise-contract[github.com/enterprise-contract]

Commit message:

Introduce the Konflux name
This one is a little more difficult since I decided we should also
mention the new RHTAP (pka Project Dance), since it might be odd if
potential RHTAP users reading this content find no mention of RHTAP.

Ref: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/EC-378

antora/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc, after:

= About Enterprise Contract

== Overview

The Enterprise Contract is a set of tools for maintaining software supply chain
security, and for the definition and enforcement of policies related to how
container images are built and tested.

Its main purpose is to verify the security and provenance of builds created by
CI/CD systems such as https://github.com/konflux-ci[Konflux CI], (formerly
https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/[Red Hat App Studio]),
https://red.ht/trusted[Red Hat Trusted Application Pipeline] (RHTAP).

The Konflux build process uses https://tekton.dev/docs/chains/[Tekton Chains]
to produce a signed https://in-toto.io/in-toto/[in-toto] attestation of the
build pipeline. Enterprise Contract then uses that signed attestation to
cryptographically verify that the build was not tampered with, and to check the
build against a set of xref:ec-policies:ROOT:index.adoc[policies]. The policies
attest that the build process followed a prescribed set of best practices, plus
organization specific policies as required.

While Enterprise Contract was originally created to work with Tekton and Tekton
Chains' attestations, it is flexible enough to be used with other CI/CD
systems, for example
https://github.com/enterprise-contract/action-validate-image[GitHub Actions].

== Components

- *EC CLI* - Command line utility
- *EC Task Definition* - A Tekton Task wrapper for the EC CLI
- *EC Policy CRD* - Defines a Kubernetes CR for EC configuration
- *EC Policies* - A set of policies defined in OPA/Rego

There's an additional overview of Enterprise Contract and its components in the
https://redhat-appstudio.github.io/architecture/architecture/enterprise-contract.html[Book of
AppStudio].

== Code

* https://github.com/enterprise-contract[github.com/enterprise-contract]
